README.md, before:

## Amazon Neptune Generative AI Samples

This repository contains examples and sample code to help customers get started with using Amazon Neptune in Generative AI applications.

## Contents

- [Blogs](./blogs/README.md) - Contains examples and sample code pertaining to specific blogs
- [Natural Language Querying](./natural_language_querying/README.md) - Examples and tips for performing natural language querying (Text to openCypher/Gremlin/SPARQL) using Amazon Neptune
- [Solutions](./solutions/README.md) - Example solutions using generative AI with Amazon Neptune

## Getting Started

To get started with the code examples ensure that you have access to [Amazon Neptune](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/) and that the system running the examples has sufficient permissions to perform actions on that database or graph.

## Contributions

We welcome community contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Reporting Issues

Please file a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-neptune-generative-ai-samples/issues) for any issues found in these examples. All issues will be prioritized based on resource availability. Alternatively, please feel free to submit a PR for any fixes.

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Iniital version of the GenAI workshop for RIV 2024 (#10)
* Iniital version of the GenAI workshop for RIV 2024

* Iniital version of the GenAI workshop for RIV 2024

---------

Co-authored-by: Dave Bechberger <dbechbe@amazon.com>

README.md, after:

## Amazon Neptune Generative AI Samples

This repository contains examples and sample code to help customers get started with using Amazon Neptune in Generative AI applications.

## Contents

- [Blogs](./blogs/README.md) - Contains examples and sample code pertaining to specific blogs
- [Natural Language Querying](./natural_language_querying/README.md) - Examples and tips for performing natural language querying (Text to openCypher/Gremlin/SPARQL) using Amazon Neptune
- [Solutions](./solutions/README.md) - Example solutions using generative AI with Amazon Neptune
- [Presentations](./presentations/README.md) - Collateral for presentations using generative AI with Amazon Neptune
- [Workshops](./workshops/README.md) - Example workshops using generative AI with Amazon Neptune that contain hands on exercises for customers

## Getting Started

To get started with the code examples ensure that you have access to [Amazon Neptune](https://aws.amazon.com/neptune/) and that the system running the examples has sufficient permissions to perform actions on that database or graph.

## Contributions

We welcome community contributions! See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Reporting Issues

Please file a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-neptune-generative-ai-samples/issues) for any issues found in these examples. All issues will be prioritized based on resource availability. Alternatively, please feel free to submit a PR for any fixes.

## Security

See [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md#security-issue-notifications) for more information.

## License

This library is licensed under the MIT-0 License. See the LICENSE file.
